Appendix 1: Additional Terms for Applicable Data Protection Legislation PART A - ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR EUROPEAN DATA PROTECTION LEGISLATION 1. 2. 3. 4. Introduction This Appendix 1, Part A will only apply to the extent that the European Data Protection Legislation applies to the processing of Controller Personal Data. De#nitions 2.1 2.2 In this Appendix 1, Part A: “Adequate Country” means: (a) (b) (c) for data processed subject to the EU GDPR: the EEA, or a country or territory recognized as ensuring adequate data protection under the EU GDPR; for data processed subject to the UK GDPR: the UK, or a country or territory recognized as ensuring adequate protection under the UK GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018; and/or for data processed subject to the Swiss FDPA: Switzerland, or a country or territory that is: (i) included in the list of the states whose legislation ensures adequate protection as published by the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, or (ii) recognized as ensuring adequate protection by the Swiss Federal Council under the Swiss FDPA, in each case, other than on the basis of an optional data protection framework. “Controller SCCs” means the terms at h"ps://business.safety.google/gdprcontrollerterms/sccs/eu-c2c/. “Data Transfer Solution” means a solution that enables the lawful transfer of personal data to a third country in accordance with European Data Protection Legislation, including the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension to EU-US Data Privacy Framework, Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the “Data Privacy Framework”), or another valid data protection framework recognized as providing adequate protection under Applicable Data Protection Legislation. “EEA” means the European Economic Area. “European Controller Personal Data” means Controller Personal Data of Controller Data Subjects located in the EEA or Switzerland. “European Laws” means, as applicable: (a) EU or EU Member State law (if the EU GDPR applies to the processing of Controller Personal Data); (b) the law of the UK or a part of the UK (if the UK GDPR applies to the processing of Controller Personal Data); and (c) the law of Switzerland (if the Swiss FDPA applies to the processing of Controller Personal Data). “Google End Controllers” means the End Controllers of Controller Personal Data processed by Google. “Permi$ed European Transfers” means the processing of Controller Personal Data in, or the transfer of Controller Personal Data to, an Adequate Country. “Restricted European Transfer(s)” means transfer(s) of Controller Personal Data that are: (a) subject to the European Data Protection Legislation; and (b) not Permi"ed European Transfers. “UK Controller Personal Data” means Controller Personal Data of Controller Data Subjects located in the UK. The terms “data importer” and “data exporter” have the meanings given in the Controller SCCs. End Controllers The Google End Controllers are: (i) for European Controller Personal Data processed by Google, Google Ireland Limited, and where the Agreement is with a di!erent Google A$liate, that A$liate will be the Google End Controller responsible for processing European Controller Personal Data in connection with billing for the Controller Services only (collectively, the “European End Controllers”); and (ii) for UK Controller Personal Data processed by Google, Google LLC. Each party will ensure that its End Controllers comply with the Controller SCCs, where applicable. Data Transfers 4.1 4.2 4.3 Restricted European Transfers. Either party may make Restricted European Transfers if it complies with the provisions on Restricted European Transfers in the European Data Protection Legislation. Data Transfer Solution. (a) (b) If Google has adopted a Data Transfer Solution for any Restricted European Transfers, then: (i) Google will ensure that such Restricted European Transfers are made in accordance with the applicable Data Transfer Solution; and (ii) paragraph 5 (Controller SCCs) of this Appendix 1, Part A will not apply to such Restricted European Transfers. If Google has not adopted, or informs Partner that Google is no longer adopting, a Data Transfer Solution for any Restricted European Transfers, then paragraph 5 (Controller SCCs) of this Appendix 1, Part A will apply to such Restricted European Transfers. Onward Transfer Provisions. (a) (b) Application of Paragraph 4.3. Paragraphs 4.3(b) (Use of Data Provider Personal Data) and 4.3(c) (Protection of Data Provider Personal Data) of this Appendix 1, Part A will only apply to the extent that: (i) (ii) (iii) a party (the “Data Recipient”) processes Controller Personal Data that is made available by the other party (the “Data Provider”) in connection with the Agreement (such Controller Personal Data, “Data Provider Personal Data”); the Data Provider or its A$liate is certi%ed under a Data Transfer Solution; and the Data Provider noti%es the Data Recipient of such Data Transfer Solution certi%cation in writing. Use of Data Provider Personal Data. (i) To the extent that an applicable Data Transfer Solution includes an onward transfer principle, then pursuant to such onward transfer principle under the relevant Data Transfer Solution, the Data Recipient will only use Data Provider Personal Data for limited and speci%ed purposes consistent with
